Privacy Policy
Developers respect and protect the privacy of all users of their applications. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, developers will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, developers shall treat such information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, the developer will not disclose or provide such information to any third party without your prior permission. Developers will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to the application service use agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the application service usage agreement.

1. Scope of application
a) Personal information provided by you at the request of the developer when you use the application;

b) When you use the network service, the application will automatically receive and record the information on your mobile phone as required, including but not limited to your IP address, type of browser, language used, date and time of access, characteristics of software and hardware and web page records required by you.

2. Use of information
a) After obtaining your data, the application uploads it to the server to generate your personalized data so that you can better use the service.

3. Information disclosure
a) The developer will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties.

b) Disclosure to a third party or an administrative or judicial institution in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or as required by the administrative or judicial organ;

c) If you violate relevant laws and regulations of China or apply service agreements or relevant rules, you need to disclose them to a third party.

4. Information storage and exchange
a) The information and data collected by the developer , will not stored and displayed.

5. Information security
a) All application accounts have security protection functions. Please properly keep your user name and password information. Developers use security measures such as encrypting user passwords to ensure that your information is not lost, misused or altered. Despite the above security measures, please also note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network.

6. Screen Recording
a) The application requests access to the screen recording feature, which is designed to take the current screenshot and then identify the text so that the user can convert the picture content on the screen directly into text. Please feel free to use this app without storing any of your screen information or uploading your screen pictures to any third-party server.
 

隐私政策
开发者尊重并保护所有使用其应用的用户的个人隐私权。为了给您提供更准确、更有个性化的服务，开发者会按照本隐私权政策的规定使用和披露您的个人信息。但开发者将以高度的勤勉、审慎义务对待这些信息。除本隐私权政策另有规定外，在未征得您事先许可的情况下，开发者不会将这些信息对外披露或向第三方提供。开发者会不时更新本隐私权政策。您在同意应用服务使用协议之时，即视为您已经同意本隐私权政策全部内容。本隐私权政策属于应用服务使用协议不可分割的一部分。

1. 适用范围
a) 在您使用应用时，您根据开发者的要求提供的个人信息；

b) 在您使用网络服务时，根据需要，应用会自动接收并记录的您的手机上的信息，包括但不限于您的 IP 地址、浏览器的类型、使用的语言、访问日期和时间、软硬件特征信息及您需求的网页记录等数据。

2. 信息的使用
a) 在获得您的数据之后，应用会将其上传至服务器，以生成您的个性化数据，以便您能够更好地使用服务。

3. 信息披露
a) 开发者不会将您的信息披露给不受信任的第三方。

b) 根据法律的有关规定，或者行政或司法机构的要求，向第三方或者行政、司法机构披露；

c) 如您出现违反中国有关法律、法规或者应用服务协议或相关规则的情况，需要向第三方披露。

4. 信息存储和交换
a) 开发者收集的有关您的信息和资料不会存储到任何服务器。

5. 信息安全
a) 应用账号均有安全保护功能，请妥善保管您的用户名及密码信息。开发者通过对用户密码进行加密等安全措施确保您的信息不丢失、不被滥用和变造。尽管有前述安全措施，但同时也请您注意在信息网络上不存在“完善的安全措施”。

6. 屏幕录制
a) 应用程序会申请访问屏幕录制功能，该功能是为了获取当前屏幕截图，然后进行文字识别，方便用户直接将屏幕上的图片内容转为文字。本应用程序不会存储您的任何屏幕信息，也不会上传您的屏幕图片到任何第三方服务器，请放心使用。
